Non-Commercial, End-User Software License Agreement for AiiDA-wannier90-workflows

Copyright (c), 2017-2024, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (Theory and
Simulation of Materials (THEOS) and National Centre for Computational Design
and Discovery of Novel Materials (NCCR MARVEL)), Switzerland and Paul Scherrer
Institut (Laboratory for Materials Simulations (LMS)), Switzerland. All rights
reserved.

INTRODUCTION

- This license agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which the
  Authors and their Institutions (hereafter "LICENSORS") of the program
  "AiiDA-wannier90-workflows" (hereafter "PROGRAM"), will grant you (hereafter
  "LICENSEE") a fully-paid, non-exclusive, and non-transferable license for
  academic, non-commercial purposes only (hereafter "LICENSE") to use the
  PROGRAM computer software and associated documentation furnished hereunder.

- LICENSEE acknowledges that the PROGRAM is a research tool still in the
  development stage, that is being supplied "as is", without any related
  services, improvements or warranties from LICENSORS and that this license is
  entered into in order to enable others to utilize the PROGRAM in their
  academic activities.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LICENSE

1. LICENSORS grant to LICENSEE a fully-paid up, non-exclusive, and
non-transferable license to use the PROGRAM for academic, non-commercial
purposes, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set out and until
termination of this license as set forth below.

2. LICENSEE acknowledges that the PROGRAM is a research tool still in the
development stage. The PROGRAM is provided "as is", without any related
services or improvements from LICENSORS and that the LICENSE is entered into in
order to enable others to utilize the PROGRAM in their academic activities.

3. LICENSORS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE
PROGRAM WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.
LICENSORS shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages
with respect to any claim by LICENSEE or any third party arising from this
Agreement or use of the PROGRAM.

4. LICENSEE agrees that it will use the PROGRAM, and any modifications,
improvements, or derivatives to PROGRAM that LICENSEE may create (collectively,
"IMPROVEMENTS") solely for academic, non-commercial purposes and shall not
distribute or transfer the PROGRAM or any IMPROVEMENTS to any person without
prior written permission from LICENSORS. The terms "academic, non-commercial",
as used in this Agreement, mean academic or other scholarly research which (a)
is not undertaken for profit, or (b) is not intended to produce works,
services, or data for commercial use, or (c) is neither conducted, nor funded,
by a person or an entity engaged in the commercial use, application or
exploitation of works similar to the PROGRAM.

5. LICENSEE agrees that he/she shall make the following acknowledgement in
publications resulting from the use of the PROGRAM: "Junfeng Qiao, Giovanni
Pizzi and Nicola Marzari, Projectability disentanglement for accurate and
automated electronic-structure Hamiltonians, npj Computational Materials 9, 208
(2023), DOI: 10.1038/s41524-023-01146-w"; "Junfeng Qiao, Giovanni Pizzi and
Nicola Marzari, Automated mixing of maximally localized Wannier functions into
target manifolds, npj Computational Materials 9, 206 (2023), DOI:
10.1038/s41524-023-01147-9"; "Sebastiaan. P. Huber, Spyros Zoupanos, Martin
Uhrin, Leopold Talirz, Leonid Kahle, Rico Häuselmann, Dominik Gresch, Tiziano
Müller, Aliaksandr V. Yakutovich, Casper W. Andersen, Francisco F. Ramirez,
Carl S. Adorf, Fernando Gargiulo, Snehal Kumbhar, Elsa Passaro, Conrad
Johnston, Andrius Merkys, Andrea Cepellotti, Nicolas Mounet, Nicola Marzari,
Boris Kozinsky, and Giovanni Pizzi, AiiDA 1.0, a scalable computational
infrastructure for automated reproducible workflows and data provenance,
Scientific Data 7, 300 (2020), DOI: 10.1038/s41597-020-00638-4"
(http://www.aiida.net), plus any additional reference explicitly mentioned in
the custom workflow used. Except for the above-mentioned acknowledgment,
LICENSEE shall not use the PROGRAM title or the names or logos of LICENSORS,
nor any adaptation thereof, nor the names of any of its employees or
laboratories, in any advertising, promotional or sales material without prior
written consent obtained from LICENSORS in each case.

6. Ownership of all rights, including copyright in the PROGRAM and in any
material associated therewith, shall at all times remain with LICENSORS, and
LICENSEE agrees to preserve the same. LICENSEE agrees not to use any portion of
the PROGRAM or of any IMPROVEMENTS in any machine-readable form outside the
PROGRAM, nor to make any copies except for its internal use, without prior
written consent of LICENSORS. LICENSEE agrees to place the following copyright
notice on any such copies: © All rights reserved. École Polytechnique Fédérale
de Lausanne, Switzerland, Laboratory of Theory and Simulation of Materials
(THEOS), 2024; Authors: Junfeng Qiao and Nicola Marzari. Paul Scherrer
Institut, Switzerland, Laboratory for Materials Simulations (LMS), 2024;
Authors: Giovanni Pizzi and Nicola Marzari.

7. The LICENSE shall not be construed to confer any rights upon LICENSEE by
implication or otherwise except as specifically set forth herein.

8. This Agreement shall be governed by the material laws of Switzerland and any
dispute arising out of this Agreement or use of the PROGRAM shall be brought
before the courts of Lausanne, Switzerland.

9. This Agreement and the LICENSE shall remain effective until expiration of
the copyrights of the PROGRAM except that upon any breach of this Agreement by
LICENSEE, LICENSORS shall have the right to terminate the LICENSE immediately
upon notice to LICENSEE.
